as Gaza is still reeling under the
ruthless Israeli bombardment and decades
long Siege crises continue to unfold
across the strip particularly in the
north at Daybreak people venture out
hoping to find some clean water the
Israeli occupation forces have wre
destruction not only to residential
areas hospitals schools and places of
worship but also to the water supply
network and even underground Wells
desalination plants were also targeted
and destroyed from the hours children as
you can see are out on the streets
searching for
water finally we find some coming from
under the debris of this ruined
Residential Building people line up here
for hours just to get some
water I came from far away to get water
for my children we found a well under
this Rubble it's very difficult to find
water we get up at about 5: in the
morning and start our mission we're
appealing to the world to enable us to
receive food and
water it is a tragedy a misery our
children are starving to death we can't
even give them a piece of bread children
are sick they've contracted diseases the
lack of water is another
dilemma I walk almost 3 kilometers every
day to get some clean water what adds
insult to injury is that we are starving
this water isn't fit for human
consumption but we have no other
choice I came and found a long queue all
the way to the end of the road often I
returned empty-handed to make sure I get
some water I must get up before
sunrise this is the situation in the
north of the Gaza Strip a total absence
of Clean Water the water you see here is
not drinkable or safe for human
consumption Palestinians are left
between a rock and a hard place as the
Israeli occupation forces have destroyed
gaza's infrastructure including the
underground Wells and desalination
plants even those who managed to find
some water now face the long journey
back alaz
shalaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer